Docs: Add JSON format note to docker driver sysctl parameter (#25454)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/drivers/docker.mdx

  }
  ```

   <Warning>

   If you are creating your job specification in JSON, you must use an array of

>    maps, not a single map as in HCL.

Reviewer: Having a single value we're setting in the example makes this ambiguous. Lemme check to verify what this is supposed to look like if we were setting multiple values.

Reviewer: Added suggestions with that.

>    If you are creating your job specification in JSON, you must use an array of
>    maps, not a single map as in HCL.

Reviewer: More precise wording based on the test I did:

```suggestion
   If you are creating your job specification in JSON, you must use wrap the map in an
   array. Do not use a bare map as you would in HCL.
```

>    maps, not a single map as in HCL.

Author: Tim suggested an update based on his testing, so I used that (which did use your 2-sentence approach).

   ```json
   config {
     "sysctl": [
      {

>        "net.core.somaxconn": "16384"

Reviewer: Here's an example with multiple keys:

```suggestion
       "net.core.somaxconn": "16384",
       "net.ipv4.tw_reuse": "1"
```
